normalize term for instrumentations (#539)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/overview.md

Read more at OpenTelemetry Service [Long-term
Vision](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/master/docs/vision.md).

## Instrumentation Libraries

See [Instrumentation Library](glossary.md#instrumentation_library)

The inspiration of the project is to make every library and application

> manageable out of the box by instrumenting it with OpenTelemetry. However on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
observable out of the box by having them call the OpenTelemetry APIs directly. However on the
```

> way to this goal there will be a need to enable instrumentation by plugging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
way to this goal there will be a need to enable instrumentation by connecting
```

> instrumentation libraries into the library of choice. These instrumentation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instrumentation libraries into libraries that users want to observe. These instrumentation 
```

Read more at OpenTelemetry Service [Long-term
Vision](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/master/docs/vision.md).

## Instrumentation Libraries

> See [Instrumentation Library](glossary.md#instrumenting_library)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See [Instrumentation Library](glossary.md#instrumentation_library)
```

A goal of the project is to enable OpenTelemetry instrumentation on every library
and application out of the box. To achieve that goal, there is a need to author

> instrumentation libraries on these shared libraries and applications. An

Reviewer 2: authoring an instrumentation library is a workaround while we are trying to instrument all libraries natively. This sentence implies opposite

instrumentation may wrap library APIs, subscribe to library-specific
callbacks or translators that convert telemetry exposed in other formats into
OpenTelemetry models.

> If the library that is being instrumented has a convention around the naming of

Reviewer 2: this is confusing... "The library that is being instrumented"  can mean one of two:

- library was compiled with the reference to OpenTelemetry API
- library was instrumented by the means of providing an instrumentation library.

The "right" sentence here would be "If the library that is being instrumented with the instrumentation library has a convention..." Which begs the question - is the word adaptor so bad?

Author: Will update to disambiguate. Let me think on the wording a bit.

Regarding the choice of "instrumentation", see:
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/issues/476#issuecomment-603314389

Among the conversation as well as in the spec SIG discussion, instrumentation seemed to resonate the most. Adapter can still overlap with a framework-specific middleware or other concept.

The other impetus I see at this point is that the concept of using these libraries to automatically instrumenting non-natively instrumented libraries is called "auto-instrumentation". As such I feel like there's a semantic grouping there.

Read more at OpenTelemetry Service [Long-term
Vision](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/master/docs/vision.md).

## Instrumentation Libraries

> A goal of the project is to enable opentelemetry instrumentation on every library

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A goal of the project is to enable OpenTelemetry instrumentation on every library
```

The previous wording was different in terms of rationale however, there OTel was "just" a means to "make every library and application manageable out of the box".

and application out of the box. To achieve that goal, there is a need to author
instrumentation libraries on these shared libraries and applications. These

> instrumentations can be wrapping library APIs that subscribe to library-specific

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
instrumentation libraries on these shared libraries and applications. This
instrumentation can be wrapping library APIs that subscribe to library-specific
```

callbacks or translators that convert telemetry exposed in other formats into

> opentelemetry models.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
instrumentations wrap library APIs, subscribe to library-specific
callbacks or translate telemetry exposed in other formats into
OpenTelemetry models.
```

> When naming these instrumentations, it is recommended to follow the library and

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When naming instrumentation, it is recommended to follow the library and
```

> language standards. For instance, if an instrumentation is implemented as a

Reviewer 3: Are those supposed to be general standards or ones laid out by OpenTelemetry?

Author: I rephrased the original text, but I read the intention as the standards to pertain to the library that is being instrumented. e.g. if the common term is 'middleware', the instrumentation should follow that name, to be easily discoverable by the community of that library.

"log appender" - it will probably be called an `appender`.

If there is no established name - the recommendation is to call prefix packages

> with "instrumentation", followed by the instrumented library name itself.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If there is no established name, the recommendation is to prefix packages
with "opentelemetry-instrumentation", followed by the instrumented library name itself.
```

> Here are some example library names that illustrate the opentelemetry

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here are some example library names that illustrate the OpenTelemetry
```
